Dear Geometry Global Hiring Manager,

<br>

I knew I was doing something right after I received my first death threat from a competitor two months into my market expansion campaign for [Bambooroof.com](http://www.bambooroof.com), but more on my “side hustle” later.  Having managed accounts worth over $20 million while exceeding all KPI in my previous position, I believe I am an ideal candidate for the Assistant Account Executive position.

I have a unique set of skills honed through traveling the world and learning from people from all walks of life. I have a growth mindset and am highly adaptable, my unquenchable curiosity drives me to learn and absorb everything around me, on top of that, my jovial personality makes me a pleasure to work with =). Given my background as service manager with AT&T, Co-founder & Partner of a growing business, and my stint in Management Consulting, I believe I can be of service to you and your team.

Couple years back I was shocked to learn about the possibility of an alien species living in Japan, after much research, it turns out that the story was actually generated by Geometry Global in order to promote tourism to revitalize Sage City. To increase awareness of blood donation, Geometry Global simply took away the color red on TV for a week. These kind of outside of the box, high ROI stunts that makes an impact in the world are the kind of work that I want to help create and be a part of.   

If given the chance, I would love the opportunity to sit down and meet with you to further discuss my qualifications and, if you’ll indulge me, tell you about my “side hustle”. Attached is my resume, please feel free to contact me via Email or Phone.  I sincerely and in all earnest look forward to hearing from you.

<br>

Best Regards,

Kyle Wang
